MCP: drop the mcp:read scope from the docs (#104)
getformo/docs.formo.so: mcp/api-key.mdx

1. Go to your [Formo workspace settings](https://app.formo.so)
2. Navigate to **Settings** → **API Keys**
3. Click **Create API Key**

> 4. Enable the permissions the AI tool needs. **Query API** read covers analytics and SQL; add **Alerts**, **Charts**, **Contracts** or **Segments** to let it read or manage those.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enable the permissions you need. **Query API** read covers analytics and SQL; add **Alerts**, **Charts**, **Contracts** or **Segments** to let it read or manage those.
```
